playing 3d s so much fun I just love to
play my previous oh hey they know you're
here what's going on folks show along
here Nintendo Suzy acecomm I thought
it'd be a fun video if we looked at some
of the underappreciated 3ds games that
have come out now the 3ds is a worldwide
great seller but when it originally came
out didn't sell that good actually so
pretty for people calm conferred and
intended to pull it come up with
something else kind of similar to the
Wii U come to think of it anyways during
that time period about the first two
years of the system not a lot of people
were buying the system but tons of great
games are coming out so now that
everyone seems to have a 3ds I thought
it'd be fun if we look at some of the
underappreciated games of that time
frame now these are all going to be
retail releases because there's so many
great he shot games that's a whole
another video in and of itself so
without any further ado let's get into
my list starting off the list or two
franchises that actually got their start
on Sega platform thank you guys may know
I'm a bit of same fan sorry folks but
it's true
anyways the two games are going to talk
about is shinobi and Sonic Generations
one warriors while the Ninja Gaiden
series seems to pop up every two years
with a remake or a new addition the same
cannot be said for shinobi luckily for
3ds owners this game is well deserving
of the ninja moniker with an interesting
almost cel-shaded art style shinobi
stands out from other 2d platformers but
tough-as-nails gameplay fast action and
light on the puzzle solving some of the
jumps lively screaming four-letter
profanities at the top of your lungs
that's exactly how a shinobi game should
be it's a shame that not many people
have picked up this title and
considering it's often under $10 on
Amazon hopefully you'll give this gem a
try returns
sonic games of late are usually hit or
miss with most of them being misses the
sonic generation manages to stand out
from the crowd
combining 16-bit era and modern era
Sonic characters Sonic Generations
manages the hit on all cylinders with
levels from the Genesis Sonic games and
even once from the Sonic Adventure on
the Dreamcast Sonic Generations manages
to blend the right amount of nostalgia
with the modern moves of Sonic to make
everyone happy
this game has a good length too and if
you've enjoyed any of this good sonic
games you'll enjoy this one as well the
next game has one of the best online
multiplayer aspects of any 3ds game yet
not a lot of people seem to talk about
it here is a-brewin fans of Diablo and
Phantasy Star Online should definitely
check out here as a ruin a top-down loot
and quest based game heroes arune will
provide countless hours of fun for
newcomers and veterans of this type of
game the single-player is pretty good
the game really gets good in local and
online multiplayer the game even
features full voice chat when in a party
online whether you're friends with the
person or not and you can hop in and out
at any time with tons of classes and
customization here is a ruin will take
up a lot of your time in an enjoyable
fashion my late teens and early 20s I
was a huge Metal Gear Solid fan I had
literally everything collector's edition
sets limited edition games Japanese
versions I had about 3 grand worth of
Metal Gear stuff but Hideo Kojima kind
of bastardized the series so I sold it
and now I don't have much but one thing
I do have is a great 3ds game Metal Gear
Solid 3d Snake Eater
originally debuting on the PlayStation 2
Metal Gear Solid 3 was a fantastic game
and winner of many Game of the Year
awards Metal Gear Solid 3d is a faithful
rendition of that masterpiece while
adding great depth with the 3d visual
effects the game also includes a new
camo device that is activated by taking
pictures of real-world items snake looks
plays it sounds great in this version of
the game but it is recommended that you
pick up a Circle Pad Pro to get the most
out of the game even if you don't own
that device though Metal Gear Solid 3 DS
should be in your 3ds collection because
it's one of the best games on the system
finally my last selection comes down
pretty much the personal choice well
everyone seems to be anticipating smash
brothers coming out on the 3ds that
doesn't mean that there's not tons of
great fighting games already available
on the system most of them which came
out around the launch period so we're
going to talk about three games really
briefly dead or alive dimensions Tekken
3d at Super Street Fighter 4 3d edition
whether you're a dead or alive fan or
the Virtua Fighter fan which plays very
similar to Dead or Alive
they're alive dimensions is a great game
Tekken fans will have a lot of fun with
Tekken 3d and it has online multiplayer
as well but my personal favorite is
Super Street Fighter 4 3d edition one of
the best games on the system it was
actually launched I Super Street Fighter
4 3d edition was a launch title for the
3ds but it's still the best fighting
game on the system a port of the console
versions Super Street Fighter 4 3d
Edition gives you a console quality
fighting game in the palm of your hand
adding a figure collection StreetPass
battles and having solid online the
classic Street Fighter gameplay makes
this a game you can play for hundreds of
hours without ever getting bored
touchscreen moves and specials were
added for novices of the series but
luckily you can choose to only fight non
touchpad users online this game can be
found for pretty cheap nowadays and I
highly suggest you pick up a copy here
we go
strong well that's going to do it for my
list I hope you guys learn something
today and maybe realize some games that
you might have missed out on during the
3ds his early life cycle if you liked
the video be sure to leave a comment
give it a like thumbs up hit me up on
Twitter leave some comment if I missed
the game leave some comments down below
let me know what you thought I missed
maybe I'll do another one of these
but for now I'm actually working on a
new episode and tend to enthusiasts look
backs
what could the game be though you like
dance
maybe this are you Seri